Adding the sig-adoption content (#63)
backstage/community: sigs/sig-adoption/README.md

# SIG Adoption

> The Adoption Catalog Special Interest Group (SIG) covers all aspects of the adoption journey of Backstage. This includes feature sets as well as documentation or tutorials and everything related to the improvement of the adoption path from discovery and awareness, to POCing and evaluation, to deployment, internal evangelization and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Adoption Special Interest Group (SIG) covers all aspects of the adoption journey of Backstage. This includes feature sets as well as documentation or tutorials and everything related to the improvement of the adoption path from discovery and awareness, to POCing and evaluation, to deployment, internal evangelization and values.
```

## Meetings

> SIG Adoption (biweekly), at 16.00 hours (4 pm) Europe/Stockholm time [(convert to your time zone)](https://dateful.com/convert/stockholm-sweden?t=16).

Author: I'm adding an event into Discord in few minutes.
I hope to see you there also for a hello.
:-)

- [Video Meeting Link](https://meet.google.com/deu-nawm-gui)
- [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zeYSzXYgh897bxPQmwy2btOwCFlEjlUDLf00riySLRc/edit?usp=sharing) - Suggest topics for the next meeting here
- See the [Backstage Community sessions](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y19xdXA5Z2JobjlzcXB1YW82dHJ0dGQ4bWs1c0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t) Google Calendar for upcoming meetings.

## Contact

- Discord: [#adoption](https://discord.com/channels/687207715902193673/1045031039061479536)

> - GitHub Team: [@backstage/sig-adoption](https://github.com/orgs/backstage/teams/sig-adoption)

Reviewer 2: Perhaps skip this one for now until we know what its purpose would be?

Author: Do you mean the Discord channel and/or the Github Team?
Feel free to change it.

## Leadership

> The SIG Catalog team is composed of:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The SIG Adoption team is composed of:
```

Author: Thank you Martina.

The organizers of the SIG, who run operations and processes governing the SIG.

- Francesco Corti ([@fcorti](https://github.com/fcorti))
More to be added soon.

The Tech Leads of the SIG, who manage technical direction and have formal code ownership of subprojects that fall within the scope of this SIG. This includes for example establishing or decommissioning subprojects, resolving technical issues and decisions etc.

- [@backstage/maintainers](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/OWNERS.md#maintainers)

Other roles will be introduced once the SIG is established.

## Scope

> This SIG is an open space to discuss the enhancements that the overall community propose to improve the adoption of the platform in the organizations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This SIG is an open space to discuss the enhancements proposed by the community that aim to improve the adoption of Backstage in all organizations.
```

The scope of this SIG is not only (but also) about the features of the product, but it is also about documentation, tutorials and content in general helping the companies in their journey.

## FAQs

> ### I have questions related to the adoption, is this the right place where to receive support?

Reviewer 3: If this points to the same channel as the SIG maybe it's confusing? Should the SIG have an #adoption-sig channel instead? (Not sure what the catalog sig does, if they do the same it should be fine I guess)

Author: Good point.
I replaced the link to the general Discord channel dedicated to backstage instead.
Let me know if you have a different suggestion.

No, this is a group interested in improving the adoption experience. For any question related to the adoption of Backstage you can contact the community in the [dedicated channel in Discord](https://discord.gg/backstage-687207715902193673).

> ### My organization is experiencing a challenge or a paipoint in adoption Backstage, how can I let you know about it?

Reviewer 4: `painpoint`

Author: Thank you Taras
